This version of the editor is feature complete and working except for the selection of music and background files.
These features will be seamlessly integrated, however, once their implementation into the actual game is decided upon.
Additionally, the bouncers need non integer reflection numbers . .. I'll change that when I get a chance.

Report any bugs to me, Chris Pugh VIA THE GAME'S GITHUB PAGE.

Note to self. .. add text description to file

Guide to the game:
The game, at its simplest, is a combination of Breakout and Pong (hence Bong) style games, including elements of pinball.
The editor is a program that will allow creation of maps for this game.  The amound of flexibility in map creation allows 
gameplay that is unique and not seen in any other game in the genre--much more interesting than the concept may at first sound.
The gameplay is broken up into 3 rounds--each round ends when all the breakable blocks for that round are gone, and the
side with the most overall points wins.  The side who wins 2/3 or more of the rounds wins that map. The ball is assigned
a color based on the paddle that hit it last or other factors listed below.  Points from blocks or other objects are
given to the side who "has" the ball.

Objects:  Collisions give various amounts of points, but blocks give the most
Blocks: See above.  When destroyed there is a random chance of a powerup.  There are at least a dozen in the final game.

Bricks: Shaped Like blocks, only they are indestructible and yield no points.  

Balls:These are "extra" of the main ball.  Remember to add an angle and a speed or it will be stationary. .. unless that is
your intent.  Up to four per round, including the main ball not placed in the editor.  The game will splitscreen to follow them.

Essences: Round spheres of influence that change the ball to the color of the essence if it passes through

Bouncers:Bouncers.  Set the reflection multiplier in the object properties screen.
	FIX: At present only integers are possible.  This will change soon?

Paddle: hit the ball with these to change it to your color.

Goals: Giant boxes of your opponent (or your) color.  When one team has the ball and hits an opponent's goal, they 
will "steal" points from that team.  


-To place an item, select the type you want from the menu and leftclick on the map.  To edit or delete that item, rightclick it.

-Main Paddles are a single instance object which must be placed in order to save.  They are the "main" paddles of the game
and the "main" ball (not placed in the editor) of the game will randomly spawn each round on either the red or the blue.  The other balls placed in the
editor are extras, as are the extra paddles.  Do not place more than 3 balls per round, because, including the mainball, that would
be greater than 4, which is the maximum the game will allow per round-- the game splitscreens to follow up to 4 balls but no more
Paddles, main and extra,  are the the only object that is not assigned a round--they are automattically omnipresent.

All objects will be assigned the current round selected from the menu. Only objects from the current round will be shown.
Assigning an object round omnipresent (or "4" from the properties box) will make it "omnipresent", that is, an object that
will appear in all three rounds.  This is useful for hashing out map skeletons.  

-The place-center from the grid menu make precise map editing easier, acting as if the game were tile based, but loses some freedom of movement.
It is on by default.  You can adjust these settings, change the dimensions of the grid, and its start position from the GRID menu
-You may place up to 3000 of each color of each object except extra balls, which you may place nine of, and 
extra paddles, which you may place 3 of.  This base of objects stretches across all rounds. If you need to place another
you will have to delete one in another location.
-Objects may not be placed outside the white map outline.  If you need more space go to the map options
menu and increase the size of the mapbarrier.
-The MiniMap gives a visual overview of the entire map.  A red dot represents the point where the current view is centered.
The current view can be changed with the scrollbars or the "go to" function on the menu.